# Contributing

1. Install node. It's recommended to instal `nvm` to switch between node versions.
2. Execute npm in root project folder. `npm install` will install all needed packages in `node_modules` folder.
3. --- STEPS TO INSTALL JEKYLL ---
4. Execute `npm run watch:showcase` to initialize Jekyll locally. Open (http://127.0.0.1:4000/sui-showcase-jekyll-test/)[http://127.0.0.1:4000/sui-showcase-jekyll-test/] on your browser to visualize the showcase.
5. Execute `npm run watch:assets` to build and start watching SCSS and JS files changes.

## Workflow

Do not commit on `master`, `development` or `gh-pages` branches. `gh-pages` will contain the live showcase files, while `master` will contain latest released version files, both can only be synced with the latest published version. `development` is the code that will be used for beta testing.

- Create a new branch from `development` branch: `git checkout -b branch-name development`. Try to give it a descriptive name. For example:
	* `new/modal-box` for new features.
	* `improve/modal-box` for improvements.
	* `fix/modal-box` for bugfixing.
- Make your commits and push the new branch: `git push -u origin development`.
- Make sure you filed your Pull Request against `development` branch.
- Assign somebody to review your code. NOTE: You must include in CHANGELOG your changes description in order for your changes to be approved.
- Once the PR is approved and finished, it will be merged in `development` branch.
- You can delete your branch locally and make sure it does not longer exist remote.

It's a good idea to create the Pull Request as soon as possible so everybody knows what's going on with the project.

## Scoping Styles & Scripts

In order to avoid conflicts with other versions of this library, we are using a versioned body class in the format `.sui-x-y-z`. This class is automatically generated by the `body-class` mixin which should wrap all scss in the project.

Any base styles should also include the `.sui-wrap` class. This class is used in place of the `.wrap` class for plugin admin pages to prevent any Shared UI specific styles from bleeding into the wp-admin menubar and sidebar.

## Updating the Shared UI Package

Requirements:

+ Must be a developer member of the [wpmudev organization](https://www.npmjs.com/org/wpmudev/team/developers#members) on npm.
+ Must be on `master` branch with a clean working directory.

**Note:** Do not interact with any of the project's version numbers in a direct way. The following commands handle all aspects of releasing the next version. Once ran, they will auto update `package.json` and `_config.yml` with all the asset query strings with the next corresponding [semver](https://semver.org/) version. They will then build the new files, commit them, tag the release, and publish to npm.

### Patch Release

```
npm run release:patch
```

### Minor Release

```
npm run release:minor
```

### Major Release

```
npm run release:major
```